[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This simple exercise will
allow you to experience how
energy centers connect through
lines of energy to create
two-dimensional sacred geometry
forms in your own energy body.
Remember that all the
centers we are working
with in this exercise and
throughout this series
already exist invisibly within
the nets of your energy body.
We are simply using our mind
power to become aware of them
and to activate them.
Before we begin any
spiritual practice,
we can start by seeing
what our baseline of energy
and consciousness is before
we start the practice.
This is very important
because, this way, we
can observe changes that occur
as a result of the practice.
This helps us to know the exact
effects any practice has on us
rather than relying on
another person's word
about what those effects are.
We call this first and last
step of any spiritual exercise
the energy field awareness
practice or EFAP for short.
It's very simple.
Just close your
eyes for a moment
and tune into the feeling of
energy in and around your body.
What does it feel like
at the energy level?
Then observe what is currently
in your mind and emotions.
What is in your thoughts and
in your emotional feelings
here at the beginning
of the practice?
It's important that you
don't try to change anything.
The energy field
awareness practice
is just about seeing what is
actually present inside of you
here at the beginning.
Now we can begin
the practice itself.
Become aware of the crown
center at the top of your head
feeling the vibration
of that chakra.
Slowly move your awareness
straight up above your crown
center until you find
the first location, which
feels like a miniature
sun of energy and light
above your head.
Place your attention
into the very epicenter
of that first chakra
above your head.
This is the initial
sacred geometry
point to activate with your
attention for this practice.
Next, we will activate
two hidden energy centers,
one above each shoulder, which
have been almost forgotten
in modern times.
Start by placing your
attention at the top
of your right shoulder.
Move your attention slowly
above your right shoulder
until you, again, become aware
of a miniature sun of energy
and light at this location.
Put your attention
into the very epicenter
of the power spot above your
right shoulder to activate it.
With that point above the
right shoulder activated,
now move your attention
to your left shoulder.
Move your attention
above your left shoulder
until you find the miniature
sun of light and energy
at that location.
Put your attention
into the very epicenter
of the power spot above your
left shoulder to activate it.
You now have three of these
energy centers activated
in your energy field.
With your mind power,
draw a line of light
from the center above
the right shoulder
to the center above
the left shoulder.
You have now created
a one-dimensional line
between these two energy points.
Then using your
mind power, connect
to the epicenter of the
energy center above your head.
And draw a line of
energy from the center
above your head to the center
above your right shoulder
and then another line of light
from the center above your head
down to the center
above your left shoulder
so that both are now connected
to the center above your head.
This now has created a
two-dimensional plane
around your head in the
form of the simplest
two-dimensional
geometric form made
with straight
lines, the triangle.
Held within the triangle of
force anchored on the three
points, the one above
your head and the two
above the shoulders, is
the golden divine light
inside this triangle, which
is used in many traditions
around the world to attune a
person to higher consciousness
states.
Pull in golden light
from the sun of energy
above the head to fill up the
2D triangle around your head.
Feel that golden, divine
light stabilized in a triangle
of force around your head.
Allow that golden, divine light
to clear detrimental thought
forms from your
head and to bring
in powerful spiritual
awakening forces.
Feel that golden divine light
penetrate any dark space
in your head and your
brain opening and clearing
every aspect of your thoughts
and your higher consciousness.
Allow any blockages
or stuck energy
in your head to melt away
with the radiant, golden light
inside the triangle,
like dew evaporating
in the light of the sun.
This golden triangle is
very powerful by itself
if properly
activated and infused
with divine golden light.
However, it is simply
one part of the larger
grid of life design in
the human energy field.
This is also a very
simple practice for you
to experience the movement
from the zero dimensional point
to the one-dimensional line
to a two-dimensional plane
shape in your energy field.
So this is an easy
first practice
to begin activating and
stabilizing in your own body
the sacred geometry forms
used for advanced spiritual
development.
This practice could, of
course, be taken further
into three-dimensional forms.
For example, if we added
in points of energy
in front of the throat
chakra and at the back
of the neck in the rear
of the throat chakra,
we could then connect
all the points together
into the form of a pyramid
around the head, for example.
At that point, the
triangle around the head
will pop out to become a
three-dimensional pyramid.
However, that is
simply an example.
It is not a part of the simple
beginning practice which
starts our construction
of the grid of life
design in our energy body.
Now we'll take this building
of the golden triangle
around the head and the building
of other sacred geometry
grids in the human
energy field much further
in our upcoming episodes.
For more information and
step-by-step training
in these higher activations,
I created an online course
entitled Connecting to Spiritual
Realities at my website
www.vesica.org.
Thank you for joining us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]